Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-15 (#258)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/4/3/1/3/document.md

Based on the review of requested and planned content, the teams must reach a consensus on which items to include in the Spell. In some cases, the Spell Crafter may request the removal of certain items if the Spell is deemed high risk, too big or contains novel code. Such removals typically affect non-critical items, such as internal payments. Content being removed from the Executive Sheet is added to the Executive Vote queue to be included in the next Executive Vote cycle.

> Onboarding of sensitive modules is considered increasing the Spell's complexity in such a manner that the Spell Reviewers should only focus on this; therefore, non-crucial items should be removed from the Executive Sheet and included in the Executive Vote queue.

Reviewer: The terms "non-critical" and "non-crucial" are subjective and may be interpreted differently by different actors.
Participants may disagree on which items qualify for removal from the Executive Sheet, leading to inconsistent application of the process or disputes over inclusion decisions.
Minimal fix: Replace the qualitative classification with a defined category or an explicit reference to objective criteria (if they already exist).

```suggestion
Onboarding of sensitive modules is considered to increase Spell complexity such that Spell Reviewers should focus primarily on this aspect; therefore, items classified as non-critical under a formally defined classification framework shall be excluded from the Executive Sheet and included in the Executive Vote queue.
```
